experiment/README.md, before:

# Performance Experiment

Experiment to identify the behavior of the application to different execution arguments

## Workload Description

The experimental workload consists in searching for the most popular jar file inside an Artifacotry repository containing 1087 items out of which 505 are Jar files.

## Execution scenarios

The scenarios are defined by the combination of three variables:

- **Workers**: Max number of concurrent workers
- **Threads**: Max number of threads for each worker
- **Pages**: Number of items to be processed for each worker

The possible values for each variable are:

- **Workers**: 1, 2, 3, 5, 8, 13, 21
- **Threads**: 1, 2, 3, 5, 8, 13, 21
- **Pages**: 10, 20, 50, 100, 200, 500, 1000

A single scenario is identified by the label \<Workers>-\<Threads>-\<Pages>. For instance, the scenario 2-10-200 correspond to the scenario where the values of the variables Workers, Threads and Pages are 2, 10 and 200, respectively.

Each scenario is executed 5 times.

## Execution Environment
- CPU: Intel I7 7700K @ 4.20GHz
- Memory: 16 GB DDR4
- JDK: 1.8.0_121
- Operational System: Ubuntu 16.10 yakkety 64 bits
- Linux Kernel: 4.8.0-54-generic

## Usage

To run the experiment execute the class `marcolino.elio.mpj.PerformanceExperiment`

The results are automatically saved at `<USER_FOLDER>/mpj-experiment/`

## Results

![Average time vs concurrency factor](charts/average_time_vs_concurrency_factor.png)

The best variable values found to the given workload are:

- **Workers**: 5
- **Threads**: 21
- **Page**: 100

The graph below shows that, to a given concurrency factor (0.026 in this case), lower values of Pages seems to increase the response time due to the overhead of communication to fetch workload items.

![Average time vs page size](charts/average_time_vs_page_size_within_concurrency_factor.png)

The behavior at the graph's tail shows that from certain level of concurrency factor (~ 0.048) changes to Pages variable are more relevant to changing the response time than the concurrency factor.

![Behavior at tail](charts/behavior_at_tail.png)

Commit message:

Changing page size variable name

experiment/README.md, after:

# Performance Experiment

Experiment to identify the behavior of the application to different execution arguments

## Workload Description

The experimental workload consists in searching for the most popular jar file inside an Artifacotry repository containing 1087 items out of which 505 are Jar files.

## Execution scenarios

The scenarios are defined by the combination of three variables:

- **Workers**: Max number of concurrent workers
- **Threads**: Max number of threads for each worker
- **Page Size**: Number of items to be processed for each worker

The possible values for each variable are:

- **Workers**: 1, 2, 3, 5, 8, 13, 21
- **Threads**: 1, 2, 3, 5, 8, 13, 21
- **Page Size**: 10, 20, 50, 100, 200, 500, 1000

A single scenario is identified by the label \<Workers>-\<Threads>-\<Page Size>. For instance, the scenario 2-10-200 correspond to the scenario where the values of the variables Workers, Threads and Page Size are 2, 10 and 200, respectively.

Each scenario is executed 5 times.

## Execution Environment
- CPU: Intel I7 7700K @ 4.20GHz
- Memory: 16 GB DDR4
- JDK: 1.8.0_121
- Operational System: Ubuntu 16.10 yakkety 64 bits
- Linux Kernel: 4.8.0-54-generic

## Usage

To run the experiment execute the class `marcolino.elio.mpj.PerformanceExperiment`

The results are automatically saved at `<USER_FOLDER>/mpj-experiment/`

## Results

![Average time vs concurrency factor](charts/average_time_vs_concurrency_factor.png)

The best variable values found to the given workload are:

- **Workers**: 5
- **Threads**: 21
- **Page Size**: 100

The graph below shows that, to a given concurrency factor (0.026 in this case), lower values of Page Size seems to increase the response time due to the overhead of communication to fetch workload items.

![Average time vs page size](charts/average_time_vs_page_size_within_concurrency_factor.png)

The behavior at the graph's tail shows that from certain level of concurrency factor (~ 0.048) changes to Page Size variable are more relevant to changing the response time than the concurrency factor.

![Behavior at tail](charts/behavior_at_tail.png)
